time to get fit with Kathie Lee and Hoda
with yoga at the office if you sit
hunched over your computer all day long
you probably have sore shoulders or a
strain back but there are some moves and
stretches you can do right at your desk
without looking completely ridiculous
way when Lauren should know she is a
celebrity yoga coach hi and spectacular
person should see something some of the
moves this one months ago so I've heard
so tell us how because you have just
asked Ted here anyway now tell us what
we can do it our own desk well have a
seat I picked ones that you guys won't
look too silly at your desk doing okay
talk about spine health and having an
elongated decompress fine rekha gives
you more oxygenation and you know be
more productive and alert so you know
any advice error heck there is here hold
the edge a bit flat you Madhu cat-cow so
we can't spread there could be four
hours in front of your computer before
you know it right and it weakens the
back and what do we do we have it up
with some nice and straight yes I'm
gonna head back and then just bring it
forward and stretch the neck and you
inhale up and exhale forward and a few
times just to get that flexion extension
is very good yeah okay next time we're
going to do you probably do on your own
anyway but it's just sitting back and
you're cheering out a nice final twist
but I want you to just be a little bit
more mindful of your technique you want
to be nice and tall and then on your
exhale you twist inhale get tall and
exhale twist and I'm gonna get a little
back crack out of it just did I didn't I
want one and the other side always chin
over the shoulder another thing that
happens at the desk is you get stiffness
in the hips you get up and you just feel
like oh yeah so we're gonna do pigeon
and if you're in a dress yeah what'd you
do yeah you're going to just cross your
legs all right so don't want any
situation but if you're in pants you're
gonna go into a figure four nice flex
foot to protect the knee sit up nice and
tall and then just fold forward leading
with the heart and you feel nice deep
hip stretch right yeah
Sarah girl or hip-hop Sarah okay the
popster I ever got moves and don't
forget the other side always okay and
then the best stretch ever bringing your
hands back you want to sit in the edge
of your chair and grabbing the chair
you're more flexible your palms can face
out and you're just gonna go like on
your on the bow of a ship part through
oh yeah queen of the world in the exact
same day you can do whatever you want
going to feel open and feels good nice
deep breath oh I like that what a little
post-it to remind yourself what feels
good once in the morning once in the
afternoon would probably be enough yeah
just to get that's fine okay big boy and
flowing in my god coming up tomorrow
guess who's here twilight actress Nikki
Reed know why I was excited about that
celebrity inspired looks for kids great
Tuesday everybody booze day Tuesday and
see it scandalous and I don't forget to
vote before